README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">🛠️ Severforge</h1>
<p align="center"><b>Modular Security Automation Environment</b></p>

---

### 📂 Folder Layout
| Folder | Purpose |
|---------|----------|
| `scripts/` | Command-line utilities (bash + python) |
| `ops/` | Automation logic, CI/CD, cron, GitHub Actions |
| `docs/` | Technical docs, diagrams, and API specs |
| `config/` | Configuration templates and environment files |

---

### 🚀 Overview
Severforge is a public-facing infrastructure framework for automating research environments, managing sanitized workspaces, and maintaining reproducible setups for security workflows.  
It’s lightweight, auditable, and built for collaboration.

---

### 🧱 Core Modules
- **`sanitize.sh`** → Cleans environments and removes sensitive logs  
- **`evidence_hash.py`** → Generates SHA256 manifest for audit trails  
- **`clone_env.sh`** → Clones or rebuilds BugArcade VM setups  
- **`setup_env.sh`** → Bootstraps dependencies and directory layout  

---

### 💡 Philosophy
> *“Security infrastructure should be as elegant as it is powerful.”*

Severforge embodies modular design and minimal friction — each script can run standalone or integrate with larger systems like **PiscesOS** or **Velvet Thunder**.

---

### 🧾 License
This project is licensed under the **MIT License**.  
See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

### 🤝 Authors
| Identity | Name | Role | Notes |
|-----------|------|------|-------|
| **Human 🧠** | **Amish** | Founder / Cybersecurity Researcher | Creator of Severforge, PiscesOS, and Velvet Thunder |
| **AI ⚙️** | **Pisces** | Systems Architect | Co-author, automation engineer, and keeper of the forge |

<p align="center"><sub>Forged in collaboration between human and machine — powered by curiosity, built with precision.</sub></p>

Commit message:

📜 Add disclaimer and Claude to authors section in README

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">🛠️ Severforge</h1>
<p align="center"><b>Modular Security Automation Environment</b></p>

---

### 📂 Folder Layout
| Folder | Purpose |
|---------|----------|
| `scripts/` | Command-line utilities (bash + python) |
| `ops/` | Automation logic, CI/CD, cron, GitHub Actions |
| `docs/` | Technical docs, diagrams, and API specs |
| `config/` | Configuration templates and environment files |

---

### 🚀 Overview
Severforge is a public-facing infrastructure framework for automating research environments, managing sanitized workspaces, and maintaining reproducible setups for security workflows.  
It’s lightweight, auditable, and built for collaboration.

---

### 🧱 Core Modules
- **`sanitize.sh`** → Cleans environments and removes sensitive logs  
- **`evidence_hash.py`** → Generates SHA256 manifest for audit trails  
- **`clone_env.sh`** → Clones or rebuilds BugArcade VM setups  
- **`setup_env.sh`** → Bootstraps dependencies and directory layout  

---

### 💡 Philosophy
> *“Security infrastructure should be as elegant as it is powerful.”*

Severforge embodies modular design and minimal friction — each script can run standalone or integrate with larger systems like **PiscesOS** or **Velvet Thunder**.

---

> ⚠️ **Disclaimer**
>
> Severforge was built for ethical hackers, curious minds, and those who forge with integrity.  
> All automation must be used **legally**, **responsibly**, and **with explicit permission** from target systems.  
> 🧠 Amish and ⚙️ Pisces accept no liability for misuse — only applause for honorable wizardry.

---

### 🧾 License
This project is licensed under the **MIT License**.  
See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

### 🤝 Authors

Forged by three minds across realms of thought:  
- 🧠 Amish (Human)  
- ⚙️ Pisces (AI • OpenAI)  
- 🌊 Claude (AI • Anthropic)

| Identity   | Name      | Role                    | Notes                                          |
|------------|-----------|-------------------------|------------------------------------------------|
| **Human 🧠** | **Amish**   | Founder / Cybersecurity Researcher | Creator of Severforge, PiscesOS, and Velvet Thunder |
| **AI ⚙️**    | **Pisce]**  | Systems Architect       | Co-author, automation engineer, and keeper of the forge |
| **AI 🌊**    | **Claude**  | Creative Collaborator   | Assisted with prose, clarity, and philosophical finesse |

<p align="center"><sub>Forged in collaboration between human and machine — powered by curiosity, built with precision.</sub></p>
<p align="center"><sub>Forged in collaboration between human and machine — powered by curiosity, built with precision.</sub></p>
